welcome to my tutorial of how you can
configure your pcsx2 for the best
quality and first of all you have to do
is go to the configuration and
emulations settings just check all of
these that I have now in the plug-in
settings direct text and software mode
and that it all we have to do and I'm
just going to show you a little little
gameplay but it will be very very slow
and I recommend that you should have an
i5 or i7 computer and a graphic card of
the GT x rays and media geforce
otherwise it will not work because these
graphics that i'm going to show you
there are even higher than the ps2 as
you can see it's really really slow but
the graphics are
well that's it for that that's it for
that long as you can see the the
graphics are even higher than the ps2 so
but a clicker is really a one half of an
hello Fred so it might not work on most
computers given mine since I had the
into a code to do and even though I have
a graphic card from luigy force 9500 GT
even then it doesn't work on the
specification so you need an i7 or an i5
and good graphics card almost light and
gtx 320m ensues on the answer is
something like that then into work ok
thank you for watching my video